video hello hello and not like me
name is stas on part of the team real 50 of
california
as you will find out in 2012 our
the company real lush spun a new minus
national direction of Russia and the CIS countries
this represents the bayram and the owner
the store for a completely unique
opportunities now you can purchase
fresh collections of original
american brands page which is not
is urged on its marks in
Russia, again , the chance to be on
the market among the first seed culture
fashion brands
produce us and sell
exclusive tamara
if you are a store owner distributors
and wholesale company in Russia and the CIS
I would like to complement my range
goods are not maidan axes for receiving
fresh american collections then this
video for you
and now we would like to present to you
several brand which I am on
most commercially attractive and
which is hardened
right now so let's start with the first one
brand salt mio designer salt to the world
great sense of taste they instantly
catch up the fashion trend in
youth fashion and also quickly launch
their production on this brand is steady
demand from buyers all collections
sulli is nicely made in usa salime and this
present following go a and yami yami
this and sales leaders jeans usa
this is a big company holding huge
model selection is excellent fit and
material all models of production usa
more than affordable prices just not
exists and we are sure that
and you will attract a huge amount
buyers thanks to pit or grade a
these are major manufacturers here in
America or with very decent quality
they keep low purchase prices
Original T-shirts and Hoodies
hoodie mushrooms prints various types
applying mixed technique
i'm so just perfect for sale
line your mother's mamma is jeans and
almost all youth stores
california and america represent this
brand of their boutiques and stores
then you ask why the answer is very simple
high selling brand name itself
offline monkey its history and quality
Cato product
here are high sales tools especially
I want to note while landing jeans
perfectly fit any cgc figure
made in america brand file this is strong
business result which
will exceed all your expectations
captcha one of my favorite front
first of all is the quality of knitwear he
gentlest on the label is written main
expelling Engels and bayonet driven means
made with love usa
styles publishes dress t-shirts
confidently by storm this brand will bring
steadily growing sales
re-dial and bring local
california march which
represents all the latest
trends and t-shirts with drawing very
convenient that you can choose any before
we are not a senator model that you
more like i'm sure ours
customers were just looking to have bye
bartender such a jersey in this video we
told only a small part and
brands we work with and to
get acquainted with others no less
and interesting brands and a lecture
please visit our website and
rag with dot pv and dispersion
get our catalogs and prices and
conditions work right your email
do not delay immediately
and make a row right now to
Be the first to know about all the updates that
we will offer you further
please subscribe to our channel
tire realtor asset
while they themselves were alize miss bye for now